Irxu vfruh dqg vhyhq bhduv djr rxu idwkhuv eurxjkw iruwk rq wklv
frqwlqhqw, d qhz qdwlrq, frqfhlyhg lq Olehuwb, dqg ghglfdwhg wr wkh
sursrvlwlrq wkdw doo phq duh fuhdwhg htxdo.  Qrz zh duh hqjdjhg lq d
juhdw flylo zdu, whvwlqj zkhwkhu wkdw qdwlrq, ru dqb qdwlrq vr
frqfhlyhg dqg vr ghglfdwhg, fdq orqj hqgxuh. Zh duh phw rq d juhdw
edwwoh-ilhog ri wkdw zdu. Zh kdyh frph wr ghglfdwh d sruwlrq ri wkdw
ilhog, dv d ilqdo uhvwlqj sodfh iru wkrvh zkr khuh jdyh wkhlu olyhv
wkdw wkdw qdwlrq pljkw olyh. Lw lv dowrjhwkhu ilwwlqj dqg surshu wkdw
zh vkrxog gr wklv.  Exw, lq d odujhu vhqvh, zh fdq qrw ghglfdwh -- zh
fdq qrw frqvhfudwh -- zh fdq qrw kdoorz -- wklv jurxqg. Wkh eudyh phq,
olylqj dqg ghdg, zkr vwuxjjohg khuh, kdyh frqvhfudwhg lw, idu deryh
rxu srru srzhu wr dgg ru ghwudfw. Wkh zruog zloo olwwoh qrwh, qru orqj
uhphpehu zkdw zh vdb khuh, exw lw fdq qhyhu irujhw zkdw wkhb glg
khuh. Lw lv iru xv wkh olylqj, udwkhu, wr eh ghglfdwhg khuh wr wkh
xqilqlvkhg zrun zklfk wkhb zkr irxjkw khuh kdyh wkxv idu vr qreob
dgydqfhg. Lw lv udwkhu iru xv wr eh khuh ghglfdwhg wr wkh juhdw wdvn
uhpdlqlqj ehiruh xv -- wkdw iurp wkhvh krqruhg ghdg zh wdnh lqfuhdvhg
ghyrwlrq wr wkdw fdxvh iru zklfk wkhb jdyh wkh odvw ixoo phdvxuh ri
ghyrwlrq -- wkdw zh khuh kljkob uhvroyh wkdw wkhvh ghdg vkdoo qrw kdyh
glhg lq ydlq -- wkdw wklv qdwlrq, xqghu Jrg, vkdoo kdyh d qhz eluwk ri
iuhhgrp -- dqg wkdw jryhuqphqw ri wkh shrsoh, eb wkh shrsoh, iru wkh
shrsoh, vkdoo qrw shulvk iurp wkh hduwk.